Rename presto references to Trino, upgrade SPI (#19)
rchukh/presto-querylog: README.md

# Overview

> Trino QueryLog is a [TrinoSQL](https://trino.io/) plugin for logging query events into separate log file.

Reviewer: The project name is just "Trino" (not "TrinoDB" or "TrinoSQL")

```suggestion
Trino QueryLog is a [Trino (formerly Presto SQL)](https://trino.io/) plugin for logging query events into separate log file.
```
